so hey guys I just wanted to show you an
update of my honcho I have I've done a
few modifications to it number one being
the new bumper here it is a dingo bumper
which is really really nice because it's
it's closer to the body as you can see
it has a much better approach angle to
the rocks it comes right box and come
right in through here the standard
honcho bumper hung right about this
level you can see why that would be a
problem as you're approaching the rocks
this would just prevent you from going
up and over anything in addition to the
bumper I also made a custom bumper mount
let me pull off the body real quick just
get a quick look at the truck it's gonna
pull this off I already pulled off the
body pins so those make this a little
bit easier you can see right in here and
made this little L bracket it's very
similar to the aftermarket bumper
bracket that RC bits I think it's I
can't remember his name I'm the guy who
has the You Tube channel may have some
of these pre-made I don't believe
they're available in the United States
but I went ahead and made these it
brings the bumper mount back about three
quarters of an inch and up about twenty
millimeters or so I can actually stand
to have this come up a little bit
actually I'm gonna remake this because
right now the bumper can pivot just a
little bit if I make this a little bit
longer here it'll take care of that
problem
other modifications I just had I just
purchased these tires which are the are
thirty-five compound which is really
quite amazingly sticky these are the
standard wraith tires which are great in
their own right on certain rocks but
they do get a little bit noisy as its
climbing up things that you can hear
them kind of breaking away however they
do climb quite nice on the rocks I do
like to blacked out version of these
rims these are just standard rims are
not bead locks however I'm kind of
keeping this build semi budget-conscious
as I as I build a couple other
modifications I did to this I actually
got this crawl
this honcho off of Craigslist give you
another view here maybe with some better
light this if I can get some light in
here number one I located my battery
lower there used to be across the front
about where this radio box is that was
just a little too high as I was climbing
things if I got a little bit sideways it
would pull me off the rock so much lower
and a wider position here I have a new
220 and servo in there it's a it's a
sandbox knockoff which I got from hoppy
people runs about 220 ounces which is a
great servo cost 40 bucks on sale I mean
that is a great deal if it's anywhere
close to the sandbox quality a couple of
the other modifications MIP drive shafts
which are just about the last drive
shafts that you'll need to buy the 20
turn Wraith 550 can motor which makes
this thing go quite fast especially with
the 2.2 tires
obviously I located the speed controller
down here so I just with some zip ties
really works well there obviously my
receiver my light controller or right up
in here what else did we do here oh yeah
in the in the front pumpkin here I put
my overdrive gears which I was just a
quick modification that's great it
allows your front wheels to spin faster
than your lower your rear wheels and it
really helps you get up and over the
climbs and especially helps your turning
radius as well have an upgrade to the
steering yet just haven't got around to
it I did put it on these axial claw
Keable C hubs I wish they were actually
claw Keable to a higher degree because I
would like to improve the steering angle
you can see I hope you can see my drive
lying angle is actually just perfect
it's practically in line
front and rear which I'm really happy
about this truck just runs forever and
ever as it goes along sorry this is on
my iPhone you guys on
don't have really other ways of update
uploading videos other through my iPhone
it's been a great truck I can't say
enough about this it looks great
this is the the original body that came
with the honcho was silver obviously and
it's I did a matte black finish on it
got some nice scrapes coming through
makes it look quite beat-up number one
but also quite um scale as well we're
getting some nice paint chipping hair
got a couple shoutouts here to our pp
hobby and also pitbull tires cuz I had
those for about two seconds until I sold
them I realized that I like the two
point two is better than one point nine
the two point two is just really make
this truck go up and over things so much
better I mean you could just look at how
much the ground clearance I have here
anyway just a quick video um hopefully
it gives you guys some inspiration the
next steps were this build
it's gonna be awesome can you say Ron
Cho the Ron Cho Wraith front and rear
axles it's gonna widen up this track and
I'm already at about ten point is e u
ten and one quarter inches from here to
here the wraith axles will get me to
eleven and a half inches wide which is
really where this truck needs to be even
at the width that this track is it still
does want to plow over at speeds which i
know that's kind of the what happens
with these taller trucks but i would
also i would just love to have the
Rancho look maybe help with some of the
the the rubbing issues I do get a little
bit of rubbing as I flex here but
nothing too bad everyone what everyone
that goes to two point two it's always
says hey get a lift kit get a lift kit
but I did I didn't want to go that way
because you get a lift kit it ruins your
drive line angles and it raises your
center of gravity so if I can get away
from doing a lift kit you might as well
do it because um it's just gonna make
your performance worse so here I am I'm
gonna be getting about three quarters of
an inch wider on both sides
and and I'm probably going to take the
the wheelbase ticket from 12 inches
probably to about 13 13 and a half
inches we give this truck some amazing
stability just make it a really fun
truck for crawling and trailing I'm not
much of a scale guy I like the scale
look of this track I mean the true mean
just the the roll cage and the way they
have this such being so beautifully done
I love the look of the truck I will
eventually be getting a new front cab
obviously because this thing is really
beat I really take this thing up some
treacherous climbs you can see see if we
can see some of the yeah yeah and a lot
of times I fail on the climbs and this
thing comes tomahawking down the hills
and it's quite dramatic and I have yet
to break one thing yet
it's pretty crazy I've I've slipped a
spur gear but that was just because I
had the wrong gearing going on that's
the only thing that's broken on this
truck ever since I bought it I had this
thing for four months now and it's been
really great I hope you guys liked this
video it's going on a little bit long
this is what my first talking videos I'm
a little nervous so I hope you guys will
subscribe yeah and but give me give me a
thumbs up on my video hopefully this was
informative I hope to have many more
videos to come in the future hopefully
not with an iPhone hopefully with a
better camera and see you guys later
hope you like the truck